README.md, before:

# Noop et Al

![Logo](miscellaneous/logo.jpg)

Generation of standard classes from interfaces:

 * `@Noop` generates a class that does nothing and returned default values (0 or <code>null</code>). Classes of that kind are 
   often used as base for classes that handle only some event/method calls of the annotated interface.
 * `@Decor` generates a class that passes all calls to another implementation of the interface. Really useful to
   create decorators.
 * `@Factory` generates a factory *interface* that provides instance of the marked interface. Mostly used in Android 
   when a Fragment expects it Activity to provide it with an instance

```java
package com.company.example;

@Noop
@Decor
@Factory
interface ExampleInterface {

  void setProperty(String value);
  
  String calculateSomething(String param, int thistoo);
}
```

The generated code will look like this:
# @Noop

```java
package com.company.example;

/**
 * @Generated ..
 */
public class NoopExampleInterface {
  
  void setProperty(String ignored) { }
  
  String calculateSomething(String ignore1, int ignored2) {
    return null;
  }

}
```
# @Decor

```java
package com.company.example;

/**
 * @Generated ..
 */
public class DecoratingExampleInterface {
  private final ExampleInterface decorated;
  
  public DecoratingExampleInterface(@NonNull ExampleInterface decorated) {
    this.decorated = decorated;
  }
  
  void setProperty(String value) {
    decorated.setProperty(value);
  }
  
  String calculateSomething(String param, int thistoo) {
    return decorated.calculateSomething(param, thistoo);
  }

}
```
# @Factory

```java
package com.company.example;

/**
 * @Generated ..
 */
public class ExampleInterfaceFactory {
  
  ExampleInterface createExampleInterface();

}
```

## Next features
Generate a decorator for non-final classes with non-final public methods.

## Download
Only source download available, from this site!

## Usage
To use, download the source for the version of interest, build it and install it in your local Maven repository.
Then, in a Maven project:
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.pij</groupId>
  <artifactId>com.pij.noopetal</artifactId>
  <version>1.2.0</version>
</dependency>
```
or Gradle for a Java project:
```groovy
compile 'com.pij:com.pij.noopetal:1.2.0'
```

For the SNAPSHOT version:
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.pij</groupId>
  <artifactId>com.pij.noopetal</artifactId>
  <version>1.2.0</version>
</dependency>
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.pij</groupId>
  <artifactId>com.pij.noopetal-compiler</artifactId>
  <version>1.2.0</version>
  <optional>true</optional>
</dependency>
```
or Gradle for an Android project:
```groovy
buildscript {
  dependencies {
    classpath 'com.neenbedankt.gradle.plugins:android-apt:1.8'
  }
}

apply plugin: 'com.neenbedankt.android-apt'

dependencies {
  compile 'com.pij:com.pij.noopetal:1.2.0'
  apt 'com.pij:com.pij.noopetal-compiler:1.2.0'
}
```

Finally, I started that project from [Butterknife](https://github.com/JakeWharton/butterknife)'s annotation processor.

## My License
    Copyright 2015 PJ Champault

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


## Other Licenses
    Copyright 2013 Jake Wharton

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Added "mutable" attribute to @Decor.

README.md, after:

# Noop et Al

![Logo](miscellaneous/logo.jpg)

Generation of standard classes from interfaces:

 * `@Noop` generates a class that does nothing and returned default values (0 or <code>null</code>). Classes of that kind are 
   often used as base for classes that handle only some event/method calls of the annotated interface.
 * `@Decor` generates a class that passes all calls to another implementation of the interface. Really useful to
   create decorators.
 * `@Factory` generates a factory *interface* that provides instance of the marked interface. Mostly used in Android 
   when a Fragment expects it Activity to provide it with an instance

```java
package com.company.example;

@Noop
@Decor
@Factory
interface ExampleInterface {

  void setProperty(String value);
  
  String calculateSomething(String param, int thistoo);
}
```

The generated code will look like this:
# @Noop

```java
package com.company.example;

/**
 * @Generated ..
 */
public class NoopExampleInterface {
  
  void setProperty(String ignored) { }
  
  String calculateSomething(String ignore1, int ignored2) {
    return null;
  }

}
```
# @Decor

This annotation has 2 attributes:

  - The name of the class, which can be defined in the `value` attribute.
  - Specifiying the attribute `mutable` as `true` will generate a setter for the decorated property, so it can be changed
    after creation.
    
    
```java
package com.company.example;

/**
 * @Generated ..
 */
public class DecoratingExampleInterface {
  private final ExampleInterface decorated;
  
  public DecoratingExampleInterface(@NonNull ExampleInterface decorated) {
    this.decorated = decorated;
  }
  
  void setProperty(String value) {
    decorated.setProperty(value);
  }
  
  String calculateSomething(String param, int thistoo) {
    return decorated.calculateSomething(param, thistoo);
  }

}
```
# @Factory

```java
package com.company.example;

/**
 * @Generated ..
 */
public class ExampleInterfaceFactory {
  
  ExampleInterface createExampleInterface();

}
```

## Next features
Generate a decorator for non-final classes with non-final public methods.

## Download
Only source download available, from this site!

## Usage
To use, download the source for the version of interest, build it and install it in your local Maven repository.
Then, in a Maven project:
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.pij</groupId>
  <artifactId>com.pij.noopetal</artifactId>
  <version>1.2.0</version>
</dependency>
```
or Gradle for a Java project:
```groovy
compile 'com.pij:com.pij.noopetal:1.2.0'
```

For the SNAPSHOT version:
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.pij</groupId>
  <artifactId>com.pij.noopetal</artifactId>
  <version>1.2.0</version>
</dependency>
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.pij</groupId>
  <artifactId>com.pij.noopetal-compiler</artifactId>
  <version>1.2.0</version>
  <optional>true</optional>
</dependency>
```
or Gradle for an Android project:
```groovy
buildscript {
  dependencies {
    classpath 'com.neenbedankt.gradle.plugins:android-apt:1.8'
  }
}

apply plugin: 'com.neenbedankt.android-apt'

dependencies {
  compile 'com.pij:com.pij.noopetal:1.2.0'
  apt 'com.pij:com.pij.noopetal-compiler:1.2.0'
}
```

Finally, I started that project from [Butterknife](https://github.com/JakeWharton/butterknife)'s annotation processor.

## My License
    Copyright 2015 PJ Champault

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


## Other Licenses
    Copyright 2013 Jake Wharton

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
